hello very nice guys welcome to a
new mack video on this one in this
Maker section of the Apple 5 channel
x 1 in which good seen the seen and
seen as last week
that I have my mac came up good many
requests for me to put some
how would you put the ps3 program this
it's worth half server that was for
reproduce all your content
multimedia on televisions
smart on the smart tv is worth
I was checking it and it's possible that
this configuration of this program is
a little complicated then we are
looking for a program that is
call icon & it's ok to mark and
you can find it in this url is a
is a dotcom and cat application
you will see that when you download this
executable according or you generate that
good to the typical dmg and one thing that yes
I do not want you to be deceived
when you can install is this is not going
appear here nothing is worth it because good
because it is a service that is
is running appears in the part of
system preferences if you look
here you have connectors when you
install is generated
this little good shield short good
It costs paper papers did not forgive a
direct access and it's worth within
option of system preferences here
in there is correct it is very good what it does
this good there is connect what we
allows agreement is to publish everything
your multimedia content in a network
so that he by means of dlna power
play it on your smart tv
normally the same thing everyone is
like a television are smrtv and it brings
for sure this dlna support these
acronyms you've seen them in a lot of a
Lots of sites in a lot of gadget
as for how can they be
televisions
disks network consoles including the ps4 that
have the ps 4 the ps4 the ps3 or even
an xbox you can play this kind of
services through these consoles
well as the xbox goes with a little program
which are called media link
and it's also a half link and there 's a
very application
similar they work for where the same
OK
it means it's good first of all if
you hear from lma yes that you know that it is digital
living network alliance is a way of
protocol by which all the content
multimedia that is in our computers
for example here in this folder I the
I can play on my computer how
configure there is with it is very simple to
that's why I've chosen you this
application because the other one is pretty
more cumbersome there is correct the first
what you have to do is you have to
achieve them as administrators of the
system because if it is not going to leave us
do not you see the
candadito therefore alavesa el
candadito means that I can in
a given moment and retouching to do
contain make changes to the content
well let's go here if you look at the
content you will see what I have
shared
I can share this that is here is
what from the television from the menu
of television is going to look good if I
I would like to add a module that is
imagine this folder is worth I have
here videos in this folder and what
I want to add is that this server
dna relays it to me where it is broadcast
all over the network of my house is worth then
if I have some kind of smrtv that is
able to reduce dlna worth I'll be able to
see in an xbox console or if I have a
ps3 or ps4 I'll be able to see those
movies through this this
application I would give you modules worth you see
is a folder of agreement I would touch
modules the unit more because because
I want to add that middle folder
desktop to this folder that has
put a shtick
Ready, okay, and let's see, we're going to forgive,
down here folder we add vale the
I'm looking for where this folder was
on my desk, set the selection and
automaton I want to put I can
share it with a name for example
for example these as a content of
a wedding is worth then I put a wedding and
automatically notice that here has
created a new entry
you will see in good options then in a
given time you can change it as
you want the name wedding pp pp pp
by the fall of pepe would stay
then shared from the computer
from the television or xbox ps3 it would be
this folder to play from is
use from your software to rebound or
multimedia nuance these is fine martín
what more simple things you just know
that the first time you see when I'm
making retouching about this application
about icon he must be the service
lying down for that right now you see tell me
that is raised this is my ps4 and this
It's my television, it's worth it if I pick it up
I was a little bit start to lift it
on devices
mp can make this computer like
impacts is then valid when it starts
recognize things things you see has already
recognized television yes that has
realized that ps4 takes a little bit
more and sometimes I do not know here you do not see the ip
because until I do not enter from the
ps4 to see what service and through dlna
there is no ip but good
it's the same is perfectly configurable
if I went to the ps4 from multimedia
I could have access and nothing else is
pretty easy that's why it has not
brought this application the other
application is a bit more cumbersome the
of ps3 media server is a little bit more
complex voucher
nothing else from here you can gossip and
such is an application worth I already have
I have bought it is an application that
allows us 30 days of 30 days of
demo is a 30 day demo as
a complete content is worth if at all
like nothing, you know, you can take it or not
you know everyone who will know very
well what it does is worth then nothing else
This is an application you already know for
deploy content via line
for your home internet and all
those devices that
compatible with this type of technology
that are almost all devices
modern all the content that I have
in my mac on my mac it will look like
through that device and to make a
hard drive or be a console be a
television whatever it is according to
there is also a lot of
of apps for iphone for ipad
even compatible with windows be
to play and you know here always what
We say what the rod it will
we teach what is everything and you
you already have to investigate any
ask that you have below and always and
always keep in mind that this must
be with the button to have that wants
say he 's up if he does not
to be will not be visible from your
response television or are or what
be one every time you have finished you see
here you leave all this closed and at
enjoy your content
multimedia on your televisions
consoles or whatever or devices
external so nothing guys I hope
less in a new video I hope that this
video has been a lot of much
utility because you already know
I am David this is apple five for one
and I promise to do it